
CITI PM

I will come back to you with regards to these today.

With regards to the contact details for Citipm, the 1800 number is fine, with regards to the email, business cards, logo, email footer, letterhead can you please proceed ahead and set these items up asap.  With the email we only need info@citiprojectmarketing.com.au, sam@citiprojectmarketing.com.au, lily@citiprojectmarketing.com.au.  It would be good to get the emails done asap, I set the Domain name up for Citi so can you please let me know what you need.




When you click on each project you need to be able enquiry.
2. Play video
3. can we have images rotating on the main page 
4. have sold projects on there




SBUV

This appears to be like the last proof I checked out.  Cosmetically it is great, very fresh and inviting, fluid too and easy to navigate.  Definitely pique’s my interest in that critical 3 – 7 second surfing phase.
 
However, upon first glance, I guess it would be that it is still very investor orientated and not rental orientated where SBUV as a complex or living the lifestyle is being marketed to those who are looking to rent something different and something of a higher standard without the crazy price tag, this is important for.  If the overflow or traffic from the re.com viewings are directed to this website or click to website they will, at this stage, be greeted by investor information rather than info about living at SBUV as a resident.
 
But maybe this is yet to come or I have gone to the wrong pages but I went to each page.



Also. I am sure this will be a standard inclusion but social media buttons on each page allowing visitors to click and be redirected to FB page may be something worth including. FB page to open in new tab though so person still has SBUV website open too and can easily swap between the two. 

Also a button to re.com address too. 

Rental application as a documents tab perhaps. Can send through our PDF version of this so prospective tenants can easily download and apply. Would need a link to our emails and an upload feature so they can complete and upload via website and send to our inboxes direct. 

More about the precinct perhaps and deals brokered exclusive to tenants. Maybe in the spiel about what SBUV lifestyle offers and why so many are enjoying it already. 